What the hell are you doing?
Whoa, you're home early.
We were just having a little fun.
Don't get worked up. Brad needs somebody who appreciates him.
Appreciate him. I'm his wife.
Yeah, but you never have time for me anymore.
You're never around.
Mary gets that.
She makes me feel... important.
I mean, look at you.
You're so focused on your career that you forgot to appreciate your husband.
What did you expect?
Oh, my God. I did not expect her to be that goddamn stupid.
How dare you to even know who I am.
Mary, please let me handle this.
Jade, if you spent a little bit more time...
...being my wife...
...this wouldn't have happened.
You know what?
I'm the only heiress of the Luca Feller family.
$100,000.
Leave Brad right now.